touching letter from a fan of
independent the first time I had the
feeling that my old man was dying was
going to see red rodolfo so
he called he was a journalist and many parties
in the booths next door the rapporteurs of
radios or in luxurious stalls but in
1980 the hand came different the old
I was not working in the media
We lived with the just to top
journalist lacked the brightness of the
profession
the once recognized scribe and jefazo
now he was selling alfajores turrones and 4370
it is possible that I with 11 in shanties
years have insisted on going to the court is
On the hot December day we took the
bondi avellaneda arriving at the box office
I saw the old man facing the line of
the popular one I understood that it was what
I could
suddenly I saw him came out of that tide of
last minute shoppers are going
this is not for us he told me no longer
it was what it had been did not open
the doors of the cabins did not reach
buy two stalls a few blocks
my old man stopped his walk he looked at me and I
he said wait a second what's wrong with you
I said I do not feel very well anymore
I'm not sure why but December
something told me that my old man was
dying and I was many years
after very depressed
rodolfo left a year and a half later I
he left a handful of invaluable things on
taste for history the passion for
reading the pleasure of a good game
of chess and of course the black palate of
independent fan
rodolfo used to come with a candy me
I gave it to him and he told me he sent it to you
independent sometimes instead of a
candy brings an aspirin before me
look of disgust I answered you send it
Mr. racing the old man left in June
for the chance of 1982 it did not reach
see the goal of percudani to liverpool
neither did he live that afternoon in which
we left champions in front of a racing that
He descended but his life was full of
Olympic rounds of glory exploits
international that was full
I write this in full agony unless
that works a miracle in three weeks
we will have been at the same time
for my old man appears in costume
wrapped in a red flag tell me that
all this is an aspirin that sent me
Mr. racing if you can not go back
I understand it's time to bank me the only
I will be worthy even if I notice you secretly
lola I will mourn little old ciao
rests in the non-existent sky of the
atheists someday let's go back this
wrote luciano frees
Rodolfo's son clicks independently
curiously it touched me loyal and it is also
alive
is 66 years old
and for him
my mouth license when reality
I had started my football passion for
another team
I swear I did not even think
to get excited like that the thing that luckily
one can not and does not want to drive
and as long as things happen
will be worth
to do a radio program from 6 to 10
in the morning